---
title: Singapore Standards
permalink: /resources/singapore-standards/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>Information on Singapore Standards for OAE Activities (SS OAEA)</h3><p>The standard aims to improve the quality and safety of Outdoor Adventure Education activities being conducted in Singapore in order to minimize risks to users. It covers land-based, water- based and height activities. Owned by Enterprise Singapore (<a href="https://www.smf-sdo.org.sg/about-us/about-smf-sdo" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ESG</a>), the SS OAEA is co-convened by Outward Bound Singapore (<a href="https://www.nyc.gov.sg/en/obs" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">OBS</a>) and Outdoor Learning and Adventure Education (<a href="https://www.olae.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">OLAE</a>) Association.</p><p>OAE activities are predominantly conducted outdoors. However, due to Singapore’s high urbanised environment and tropical climate, some OAE activities may at times be held under shelter or within walled structures. Nevertheless, these activities are still considered OAE activities.</p><p>By setting a national standard for the Operations, Training and Certification of OAE providers, the objective is to ensure that:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>OAE facility operators and activity providers adhere to the minimum expected level of safety for users - OAE sites and equipment are managed, maintained and operated safely; and</p></li><li><p>OAE practitioners adhere to adequate training and certification requirements - practitioners conduct OAE activities with high level of safety and proficiency.</p></li><li><p>Provide minimum standards for evaluations, insurance criteria, and professional development;</p></li><li><p>Provide an operations and training resource for properly trained OAE professionals;</p></li><li><p>Serve as a reference for certification and accreditation of OAE providers and conformity assessment bodies;</p></li><li><p>Serve as a guide for government and regulatory agencies, in drafting their regulations and may be adopted</p></li></ul><p>These objectives, when met, will professionalize the OAE sector (providers and practitioners), minimize the number of incidents arising from the use of OAE activities and support the continued growth of OAE activities in educational programmes.</p><h3>SS OAEA Working Group Representation</h3><p>Key stakeholders including practitioners, OAE providers and government agencies has been working with the OAE Council since December 2022 to set up this national standard. The working group members are listed below.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ministry of Education</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Outward Bound Singapore</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pivotal Learning Pte Ltd</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>OLAE Association</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>People’s Association</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Singapore Sportclimbing &amp; Mountaineering Federation</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Singapore Scout Association /Sands Leadership Devt Centre</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Innotrek Pte Ltd</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Focus Adventure / Camp Challenge</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>10. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>United World College</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>11. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Forest School Singapore</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>12. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Explora Pte Ltd</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>13. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Singapore University of Social Sciences</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>14. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Institute of Technical Education (ITE)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>15. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Singapore Polytechnic</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>16. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Republic Polytechnic</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>17. &nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>SportSG</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p></p><p></p>