---
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
variant: tiptap
---
<p>[Under Construction]</p><h4><strong>General</strong></h4><p>These Terms of Use may be changed from time to time. All changes will be posted on this page, and your use of this Website after such changes have been posted will constitute your agreement to the modified Terms of Use and all of the changes.</p><h4><strong>Proprietary Rights</strong></h4><p>This Website is the official NYC Website, and it is owned and operated by NYC.</p><p>The materials located on this Website including the statistical data, reports, charts, graphs, information and documentation (the Contents), are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights. All rights, title and interest in the Contents are owned by, licensed to or controlled by the Government of Singapore.</p><h4><strong>Restrictions on Use of Contents</strong></h4><p>Except as otherwise provided, the Contents of this Website shall not be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, without prior permission of NYC. To use any parts of the Contents on this Website, the user must seek permission in writing, stating the Contents for use; intent of use; manner of use; time frame of use and identity of the user. NYC reserves the right to refuse permission without declaring reason(s) and/or if information submitted by user is deemed insufficient.</p><p>Modification of any of the Contents or use of the Contents for any other purpose will be a violation of NYC's copyright and other intellectual property rights. Graphics and images on this Website are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of NYC.</p><p>Provided permission is expressly granted by NYC, the Contents are available if:<br>a) due acknowledgement is given to "NYC", citing the sources for the relevant data extracted,<br>b) the Contents are used for informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and<br>c) no alterations, additions or modifications of the Contents are made in any way.</p><p>Any request to reproduce the Contents from this Website for publication or commercial use should be submitted via email&nbsp;<strong><a href="mailto:nyc_enquiries@nyc.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a></strong>.</p><h4><strong>Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities</strong></h4><p>The Contents of this Website are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, NYC does not warrant and hereby disclaims any warranty:<br>a) as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Contents of this Website;<br>b) that the Contents available through this Website or any functions associated therewith will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that this Website and the server is and will be free of all viruses and/or other harmful elements.</p><p>NYC shall also not be liable for any damage or loss of any kind caused as a result (direct or indirect) of the use of the Website, including but not limited to any damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on the Contents contained in or available from the Website.</p><h4><strong>Right of Access</strong></h4><p>NYC reserves all rights to deny or restrict access to this Website to any particular person, or to block access from a particular Internet address to this Website, at any time, without ascribing any reasons whatsoever.</p><h4><strong>Links from this website to other websites</strong></h4><p>This Website contains hyperlinks to websites which are not maintained by NYC. NYC is not responsible for the contents of those websites and shall not be liable for any damages or loss arising from access to those websites. Use of the hyperlinks and access to such websites are entirely at your own risk.</p><p>Hyperlinks to other websites are provided as a convenience to the user. In no circumstances shall NYC be considered to be associated or affiliated in whatever manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on websites to which this Website is linked.</p><h4><strong>Links to this site from other websites</strong></h4><p>Except as set forth below, caching and links to, and the framing of this Website or any of the Contents are prohibited.</p><p>You must secure permission from NYC prior to hyperlinking to, or framing, this Web Site or any of the Contents, or engaging in similar activities.</p><p>NYC reserves the right to impose conditions when permitting any hyperlinking to, or framing of this Website or any of the Contents.</p><p>Your linking to, or your framing of this Website or any of the Contents constitute acceptance of these Terms of Use. This is deemed to be the case even after the posting of any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you must discontinue linking to, or framing of this Website or any of the Contents.</p><p>Under no circumstances shall NYC be considered to be associated or affiliated in whatever manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on websites that link to this Website or any of the Contents.</p><p>NYC reserves all rights to disable any links to, or frames of any website containing inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topics, names, material or information, or material or information that violates any written law, any applicable intellectual property, proprietary, privacy or publicity rights.</p><p>NYC reserves the right to disable any unauthorised links or frames and disclaims any responsibility for the content available on any other website reached by links to or from this Website or any of the Contents.</p><h4><strong>Governing Law</strong></h4><p>These Terms of Use shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws of the Republic of Singapore.</p>